Miss, if you want to get married and divorce, you should be an accountant.
Can I give you seven or eight hundred flowers?
Difficulty, I want to know how you got away as your original self
It seems to be against the law to keep it.
disappeared suddenly
Hey, miss, there are a few of these here.
You are grandma, follow you
You can figure it out
How can I go unlike you?
and your liar
You are full of loneliness with the big liar, the big liar, the lonely soul
I want you to go to Gumanguman
What do you call Xiaoxiao?
Hey little big knife
I'm so strong that I'm here to kill you.
Lonely soul, he will never let go of your lonely soul.
He is currently fighting in the distant mountains
Guman is not seen either
Missing guy
Sister-in-law who didn’t leave the chair, you said
He is the only one
come challenge you
I believe in loneliness
It's like he doesn't want me to do this
Almighty cannot look at people
This is me who is so small
You are right because you see others